When it comes to typing Python code, you have two options:
You can use a *code editor* or an *IDE*
which is short for: Integrated Development Environment.
An IDE is basically a code editor with some fancy features like
autocompletion, which means as you type code this feature
helps you complete your code, so you don't have to type every character by hand.
It's a productivity boosting feature. It also gives you additional
features like debugging which means finding and fixing bugs in your
programs. Testing and so on. For both code editors and
IDE's there are so many options out there, the most popular code editor out there
are VS code, Atom, and Sublime. You can use
the code editor that you prefer. In terms of the IDE's again
there are so many options out there, the most popular one is Pycharm
In this course, I'm going to use VSCode, or Visual Studio Code,
because that's my favorite code editor. Later in the course I will show you
how to install a plugin or an extension that will convert vs code
into a powerful IDE. So before going any further head over
to code.visualstudio.com and download the latest
version of VSCode.